I worked all through my bachelor's degree and all through my master's
degree. Now, when I was working on my bachelors degree, I had a job.
I actually worked in a fabric store. Um, I like to so and so it was
a great job for me, and I did that for the whole time that I was doing
my bachelors degree on by worked. I think it was part time at that
point, like between 20 to 30 hours a week. Um, when I joined the
master's program that I went thio, I got a job in a computer lab in
the department and I was also serving as a graduate assistant for one
of the professors, So I was working, but it was kind of within the
context of the university and the program that I was in. Similarly,
when I went into my PhD program, I was you know, I was in a lab and
doing work in the lab, And so with a lot of especially research based
Ph. D. S, um, they actually pay you to go. So I didn't like all of
my fees and tuition were waved. Um, and I was paid for doing the work
that I was doing, the research work that I was doing. So so I didn't
have a job outside of the department or outside of the work that
I was doing, but I was supported by the work that I was doing in the
lab.